Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Continue on that one. It has been marked.
Watch out!
- Let's go.
- Yes. bring that one.
Call it off.
or they will be furious
and the punishment
will be far more painful than death.
- I beg you. sir.
- Come with me.
No one will be able to help you.
Not your money.
not even God.
Let's call it a night.
- Let's go home.
- Come on.
Darto!
What is it?
Let's go back.
Let's continue the work tomorrow.
If we stop working now.
we'll have our wages deducted tomorrow.
I can't face my wife
if I send her less money.
and I still have installments to make.
You too. right?
- All right then.
- Good.
Paiman!
Paiman?
Paiman.
DEMONS AND ITS REALM
Mr. Bara. I will surely develop
your region to be much better.
especially in terms of tourism.
as long as you can continue
to coordinate with me.
- You get it. right?
- Yes. sir.
But we can discuss it later.
- Right.
- Now. let's just enjoy the moment.
CONGRATULATIONS FOR THE OPENING
OF SANGKARA RESORT
Why are we looking at this?
So I've made a list.
No!
I've made a list of our activities there.
We can learn our travel route
based on this mockup
so that we don't get lost on the way.
By the way. according to this brochure.
we will be passing through
five railroad tunnels they just built.
What? Railroad tunnels?
Here. after dinner.
we will take a relaxing soak
in the hot spring pool
while watching the fireworks.
Taking a soak?
No.
You've just recovered from your illness.
- If you do it. you'll get sick again.
- It's pointless for me
to celebrate my recovery
if I am not allowed to do anything.
Then I'll go back to Jakarta.
Right now.
All right. I won't. you fussy brat.
Good.
I think our room is right here.
Don't you think so?
I would've liked to take the room here.
but I couldn't afford it.
Give me back my husband!
- Give me back my husband!
- Where is my husband?
- Relax.
- Give me back my husband!
What's going on here?
It's nothing. sir.
Every change has its pros and cons.
but everything is under control.
I need you
to take care of this thoroughly.
- Do you understand?
- Yes. sir.
Give me back my husband!
Where is my husband?
Please sit back and relax. sir.
- Could you please take a picture of us?
- Sure.
- Press this button. okay?
- What are you doing?
- Let's take a photo. Come on.
- No way!
Let's do this pose.
- One. two. three.
- No.
- Thank you.
- No problem.
Hold this camera for a second.
Do you know where this is?
It's in Economy Class Two.
car number five. at the very back.
Thank you. Tekun.
You're welcome.
Take it back with you.
Solo guys are sweet. aren't they?
And you think Dr. Nugroho is cute.
You're such a flirtatious girl!
Our seat's number is…
- 7A.
- It's right there.
All right. Let me help you with this.
I feel sleepy. Mom.
Go to sleep then.
We'll get there by the time you wake up.
Welcome to Sangkara Train.
A special tourism train
with a route to Sangkara Resort.
The Sangkara Train journey
will take seven hours.
We are expected
to arrive at Sangkara Resort at 7:00 p.m.
- Here you go. sir.
- Thank you. Indah.
I'm Sidik. the conductor on duty.
wishing you a memorable journey
with Sangkara Train.
Tourism in this area
will definitely grow rapidly
if led by a good regent like you.
- I agree.
- Thank you.
Thanks to Mr. Santoso.
all of this has been made possible.
If not for him.
this area will always be forgotten.
All right then.
Let's make a toast
to Sangkara and our future projects.
Adam.
- Let's take a picture.
- I'll take this position. okay?
One. two…
- Wipe your tears away
- I will always cheer you up
- All right!
- Wipe your tears away!
- Your tears!
- Wait.
Let's take a picture!
- Yeah!
- Let's take another picture!
- Come on.
Let me help you with that.
- Don't do that.
- You're so noisy.
Thank you.
- Look at this.
- What is it?
Let me help you.
Be careful.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
He's coming this way.
Ouch. it hurts.
Come on. don't flatter yourself.
Attention to all crew members.
the Sangkara Train is about to depart.
Guys. let's make an Instagram story.
Come here.
So now we're on the train to…
- Sangkara Resort!
The scenery along the way is picturesque
and the train is awesome.
You should definitely try it.
But you have to try it in the VIP.
not the economy class.
Because there are many commoners
in that class.
Many online affiliates have been arrested.
Soon. it will be my turn…
to be named as a suspect.
So that's why all of a sudden
you asked me to go to Solo.
Are we running away right now?
Why don't we go to another country?
All of my assets have been confiscated.
This is the only asset I can secure.
You are such a loser.
Excuse me.
Would you like to order
some food or drinks?
No. thank you.
Sorry. sir. Can I help you
put the bag in the overhead bin?
For safety reasons.
it is prohibited for passengers
to place luggage on the seats.
- Come on!
- Your singing is terrible!
- Let me play it.
- Give it back!
- Miss.
- Yes?
I saw a man there a moment ago.
Where is he now?
There's only that guy. ma'am.
No. the man was wearing
a worker's uniform.
And his face was…
There was no one as such. ma'am.
Do you want to get something?
Sorry. economy class passengers
are only allowed up to this point.
I need to go there.
No. you can't go over there.
- I want to talk to them.
- Sorry. you can't.
Can I get you anything?
Just get me a cup of coffee.
Please. ma'am. It's a self-service.
- What?
- It's self-service. ma'am.
There's something
I need to talk to you about.
It's about the incident at the station.
I see.
Kindly bear with it. sir.
Local people are easily triggered
by rumors.
They can use any issue
to stage a demonstration.
So they were protesting
against the station office
for firing some employees.
I don't want to know about it. Mr. Bara.
The incident at the station
embarrassed me in front of the investors.
Such disturbances can ruin
the image of our tourism.
Look at that. Mom!
Here you go again with your journal.
I just want to see it.
You'll see it eventually. but not now.
Tomorrow?
One day.
Tomorrow. at the resort.
you have to tell me
what's in your journal.
Stop being so mysterious.
it pisses me off.
- Purnama.
- What is it?
There was…
I thought I saw a bird.
Kembang.
I need to go to the toilet.
- Do you want me to go with you?
- No.
- You stay here.
- Let me go with you.
I just need to pee. I'll be right back.
That's weird.
What's taking so long?
"…we've reached our destination."
DO YOU REMEMBER THE FIRST TIME
WE RIDE A TRAIN…
I USED TO DISLIKE IT WHEN
MOM ASKED ME TO SPOONFEED YOU
Don.
what's wrong with that door?
Go there and check it out.
- Go on.
- Yes. sir.
The number you're calling is not available
or out of coverage area.
Try again--
The number you're calling is not available
or out of coverage area.
What's wrong with the lights?
Purnama?
Why are you here?
I was worried about you.
What took you so long anyway?
You threw up. didn't you?
- I just got a little motion sickness.
- No. you didn't.
See?
Once we get there.
we've got to see a doctor. okay?
- What a fussy girl.
- Let me clean this up first.
- Kembang.
- Yes?
Purnama…
- Purnama?
- Come on!
- How is it? Everything's under control?
- Of course.
For you. of course. sir.
- Excuse me. I'll be right back.
- Sure.
Can I help you?
The fifth car is missing.
What do you mean by "missing"?
Sir.
I need to use the toilet.
Sorry. this toilet is out of order.
Please use the one in front of the cabin.
Let me take you there.
This way. sir.
Where is the fifth car?
Why isn't it there?
- Missing?
- The fifth car is missing.
- What is it?
- How come. sir?
Please calm down. everyone.
There was just a small technical glitch.
Everything has been taken care of.
It was left in the tunnel a moment ago.
We apologize for the inconvenience.
The fifth car
will soon follow us to the resort.
Now. if you'll excuse me.
- Let's sit down again.
- That's nice.
We can rest easy now. everything is fine.
- Sir. hold on a second.
- Yes?
Can I help you?
You said the fifth car was safe
and would be picked up.
You lied. didn't you?
As I explained earlier.
the fifth car was not missing
but was left in the tunnel.
And everything is under control now.
Why did this happen?
Were there no railroad tests
or safety checks performed prior to this?
If the testing hadn't been done.
I wouldn't want to be here either.
You just sit tight.
and we'll be safe on this journey. okay?
If you'll excuse me.
Please wait a moment. okay?
What the hell was that?
- I need to use the toilet.
- I'll go with you.
You'd better get me a drink. okay?
- I'll be right back.
- All right.
Hello?
Hello. Kembang. This is Dr. Nugroho.
How are you. doctor?
But why did you call me?
Because Purnama hasn't picked up
my calls since last week.
I contacted your father
as the patient's guardian.
and he gave me your number.
What is it. doctor?
Purnama must have
a health check immediately. or else…
Another health check?
She said that you'd confirmed
that she was cured.
Didn't she tell you
that her liver cancer surgery
was unsuccessful?
The cancer cells have spread throughout--
Hello? Doctor?
Thank you.
Dr. Nugroho just called me.
He told me everything.
Why didn't you tell me?
I'm the one who keeps you company.
Who was the one always there for you?
Me!
But you still dare lie to me?
I just wanted to spend my time with you.
If I told you. you wouldn't want to go.
and we wouldn't be here right now.
"Spending your time"?
We can spend our time in the hospital!
Do you want me
to spend the rest of my time
in the hospital?
Don't be such a smart ass about dying!
You don't know what it's like
to be unable to do anything there.
I'm tired of taking so many medicines
each and every day.
You don't know what it's like.
I'd rather be here with you
while enjoying the lovely scenery
than in a hospital
where I can only see the walls.
You really don't know what it's like.
Do you know why?
I don't have much time left!
I'm going to die soon.
- I don't have much time left!
- Purnama.
Purnama.
There are so many treatments
we haven't tried yet.
If you leave me.
will I have to live with Dad.
who doesn't care about us?
You're all I have
and I don't want you
to leave me like that.
- No.
- I saw your journal.
It's for me. right?
- Just in case I can't say goodbye.
- Purnama.
No. Purnama.
Look at me!
You must continue your treatment
until you're cured!
You have to stay with me
because I want to see your hair turn gray!
Purnama.
I don't want you to leave me!
Look at me.
I just don't want you to leave me!
Just don't leave me.
Tekun!
Sir! I just saw people
covered in blood here. sir!
- People were covered in blood here!
- Hey! What's wrong with you?
The driver's radio is short-circuited.
We can't contact the control center.
And what happened to the electrical panel?
I came here to contact
the emergency services. sir.
- But everything is malfunctioning and…
- Emergency?
The fifth car was detached
from this train and went missing. sir.
That's impossible. Tekun.
It takes a special procedure
to separate the cars.
Sir. the fifth car is missing.
It's gone.
If that is true.
Mr. Santoso should not know about this
until we can figure out the cause.
Now look.
you handle the economy passengers
of the fourth car
in a procedural manner.
- Do you get it?
- Yes. sir.
Hold on a second.
Look at me.
We're in this together. okay?
- Excuse me.
- Sure.
Why is the reception so bad here?
Here you go. sir.
What's wrong with the reception?
- See.
- Me too.
- There is no reception here.
- How come?
Let me check it out. okay?
Make it quick.
SLIDE
Thank you for waiting.
So?
It's just a minor technical issue.
The fifth car was detached from the train.
The departure station staff
have handled it well
and your luggage will be taken
to the resort immediately.
What about the passengers
in the fifth car?
They are doing fine
and will catch up to the resort soon.
We've entered the tunnel.
As an apology. we'll transfer you
to Economy Class One in the fourth car.
We will also give you bonus points
that you can use for your next trip.
What do you say?
Okay.
Miss. the ginger drink hasn't been paid.
- Let's sing and dance together
- Take away the sadness in your heart
- Let your heart be happy
One more time!
What's wrong with you?
- What's wrong with him?
- Get us some water!
- Give him some water!
- Water!
You're dead!
Annihilated!
That's another one!
You humans.
don't think you can escape
the punishment that will befall you!
The punishment is coming down
on all of you!
How can you be so greedy like this?
Answer me!
The time has come
without you all realizing it.
You won't be able
to evade this catastrophe.
Annihilated!
Thank you. miss.
Get away from there. Purnama!
- Come on!
- Where’s the car?
Get away from there!
Purnama!
Those passengers were left behind…
Those passengers…
Where is the car?
They were like being held captive.
- By other passengers?
- No.
They are not human.
- I want to get out of here.
- No.
I can't take it anymore.
What's wrong with her?
You surely know something
about this. right?
How could the car go missing?
How did this happen?
I don't know. sir. I'm sorry.
You keep saying you don't know!
One tunnel.
one car's missing.
One time…
might have been a coincidence.
but it happened twice.
This must be a warning.
This is not a technical issue.
It's far beyond our control.
How can a small area like ours
become developed
if the thinking of its people
is as illogical as this lady's?
She attributes
all kinds of things to superstition.
No. I saw it with my own eyes.
Those people in the car…
They gathered in the center of the car.
then there were these creatures that…
You believe me. don't you?
You saw it yourself.
how your thoughtless thinking
can influence others. right?
Mr. Santoso. you can take it easy.
Those cars were just left in the tunnels.
Tekun. have you contacted
the control center yet?
I have. sir.
The conductor is in constant communication
with the control center.
Did you hear that?
Nothing to worry about. okay?
All issues have been addressed
by our crew. Mr. Santoso.
Now. we'd better get back to the cabin.
You go ahead.
All right.
I really know nothing about this. sir.
You have to get help at once
and make the fourth car a priority
before the press
makes horrible stories out of us.
Did you hear me?
The thing is.
our radio and antenna are down.
- Are you enjoying this trip?
- I am.
Mr. Bara.
Yes?
Let's join the others for a dance.
Okay. you go ahead.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah.
- Do you promise?
- Yes.
Shall we?
Mr. Sidik. the fourth
and fifth cars are missing.
I was just about to tell you about this.
What should we do? Can't you
communicate with the control center?
Somehow. the communication devices
on this train suddenly malfunctioned. sir.
Okay. listen. we need to get
to the resort station ASAP.
Once we arrive. we have to send a team
to evacuate passengers in those cars.
We take them to the resort station.
then give them some VIP class services.
Afterward. we ask them nicely
to sign an agreement not to sue us.
Okay. that's if we can find those cars.
but what if we can't?
Take a look at this. sir.
They are real.
- Delete it.
- What?
What if people get suspicious
that one of the CCTV footage is missing?
Just delete it.
My men in the police department
will take care of it.
It's done. sir.
What should we do now?
There's a woman in the economy class
who seems to know about these demons.
Don't let her influence
those passengers in other cars.
- Can you do it?
- Yes. sir.
Those investors are very important.
they are our future.
- Do you get it?
- Yes. sir.
Just calm down. okay?
We're in this together.
I'm sorry. sir. ma'am.
Mr. Santoso…
You should go back to the VIP cabin.
As a token of my apology.
you can all enjoy the VIP facilities.
That's not possible. sir.
I'm sorry. sir.
The VIP cabin is fully booked.
Mr. Tekun will provide you
with good services.
- Come on.
- Yes. sir.
- Please.
- This way. ma'am.
- I'll catch up later.
- Okay.
Excuse me.
- Ma'am.
- Mr. Santoso.
I'm Ramla.
My husband went missing.
He built a railroad for Sangkara.
- Sorry. ma'am--
- He never came home again.
I entrusted this whole matter to Mr. Bara.
I don't know anything.
not even about your husband.
I'm sorry. miss.
There's only one seat available here.
- Have a seat. Purnama.
- No. you go ahead.
You need to have a good rest.
You should obey me this time.
Purnama…
So…
what's going on here?
It's a long story.
I'll tell you later.
Miss. what's the problem now?
Everything is fine. miss.
Welcome. Thank you for upgrading
your tickets to the VIP class.
So what about Mr. Santoso?
He's in the restaurant.
Please take my place for a moment. okay?
- Me?
- Yes. it's just for a second.
Excuse me.
Can I help you. miss?
Do you have a minute?
- Sure.
- Purnama.
Purnama.
- I'll be right back.
- No.
It's okay.
I can tell when people are lying to me
and I noticed that every time you
explained to us about the missing cars.
Just tell the truth.
What is really going on here?
I honestly don't know what happened.
Up until now. I don't even know
if we will get help or not.
You should have explained this
from the very beginning.
Didn't you see
how terrified my sister was?
I was just following orders from my boss.
So this train is still running
just to follow your boss's orders?
And you just keep silent?
- We have to wait until the last station.
- You should've thought of our lives.
That's the only way.
You should be honest with everyone.
there's no need to use this silly excuse.
I'm telling you the truth. miss.
You know this VIP cabin is already full.
but you still put them here?
The cabin smells awful now.
- You should take care of this.
- Sorry. miss.
Come on.
Suci. look at me.
Don't look there.
Take a breath. relax yourself.
It's okay.
Indah. we've customers.
- You'd better serve them now.
- Yes. sir.
Sir. please allow me to join in.
I'm scared of being alone here.
No. Suci. I don't want your condition
to draw the passengers' attention.
So you'd better stay here
to compose yourself.
- Anything else. ma'am?
- That's all.
Yes. ma'am.
Please calm down. everyone.
Suci!
Suci.
What's going on here. sir?
Move.
Be quiet.
Nobody makes a sound.
We have to get into
the second car right now.
Hurry up!
Sir?
What sacred forest
are we passing through. sir?
I have no idea. Indah.
They seem to be the demons of this forest.
Maya. don't move.
Maya.
Back off!
I said back off!
No!
Tekun!
Tekun! Please open this door!
Come on. open it!
I can't open this door.
I can't!
I can't open it. Indah!
CAFETERIA
Help me!
Purnama. no!
- Hang on!
- Purnama!
Hold it!
The third car disappeared! How come?
We don't have time to explain them.
Come on.
What do we do now?
What happened
to the third car's passengers?
Mr. Sidik. we have to stop this train now.
We have to see the driver before we enter
the fourth tunnel or else…
This second car will disappear too.
- How can this be?
- Don't mess around with us!
Silent!
They're gone. sir.
I already knew and suspected
those three economy-class passengers.
How could they have survived
despite the disappearance of those cars?
They pretended to ask you for help.
You're the one who locked
this car's emergency door. right?
But how did this door open?
You conspired
to release the lower-class cars
as they're not worth your while. right?
And you have planned to order the driver
to stop the upper-class cars
when the train is isolated
from the outside world.
And all the CCTV cameras are off.
This whole scenario…
is just a robbery attempt.
Do you really want to rob us?
We are not a bunch of robbers.
This is a crime. man.
How can we rob you?
We don't have any weapons. We're harmless.
If you can disengage those cars.
who knows what else you can do?
I won't let you rob me of my belongings!
That's the tunnel!
We have to move to that car
or we'll all die. come on!
Purnama!
Back off!
Mr. Bara.
What's going on. sir?
Everyone. please stay calm.
I just want to let you know that
there has been a robbery in the back car.
- What?
- A robbery?
- How come?
- But don't worry.
I won't let those robbers
get into our car.
No!
Honey!
Kris!
Please don't die! Kris!
Oh my God! They're murderers!
They're murderers!
Let's get them! Come on!
- Let's grab them!
- Purnama!
- Grab them!
- Let her go!
Let her go!
Tekun!
I'll deal with the problem at once.
Sidik. lock the door!
- You guys stay calm. okay?
- Sir.
- The third car disappeared?
- Yes. sir.
- How come? Mr. Santoso was there.
- "Yes. sir." what?
- I don't know. sir.
Let me try.
It can't be opened!
Step back.
If you believe in God. you'd better pray
that we get to the resort sooner. sir.
- Can you move?
- Yes.
Look out behind you. Tekun!
Where are you going?
Sir. please trust me.
We need to get to the first car right now.
Because every time we go into the tunnel.
that abomination appears.
Take it easy. okay?
Put it down first. okay?
That's better.
We've entered the tunnel.
Everyone. let's go!
Kill them all!
- Come on!
- You bastard!
Die!
Finish him!
Prepare to die!
Oh my God!
Come on!
- Help!
Help!
Open the door!
Open it!
Thank God!
Get in!
Please. open the door!
Sir!
Please help me!
Please open the door. sir.
Purnama. what's wrong?
I just killed a guy!
No. you didn't do it on purpose.
- But I killed that guy!
- No. you didn't.
No. you didn't.
We have to stop this train now.
- Right now. please!
- Calm down.
Tekun. we need to get
to the resort quickly
so they can send a team
to rescue those passengers.
- He's right.
- We can't do that. sir.
- Those demons will be here soon.
- Calm down!
- I beg you. sir!
- Calm down.
- Don't let us enter another tunnel.
- Hold on. what just happened back there?
What's going on here?
- Give me the key. I'll stop this train.
- What will happen to us?
Every time we enter a tunnel…
You just stay here and watch them. okay?
Yes. sir.
Open this door.
Increase the speed.
What do you mean?
I said increase the speed.
But Mr. Sidik…
He's doing something else.
Increase the speed!
What?
- What?
- Yes. sir.
- No. please. We must stop this train.
- Listen to me!
Mr. Bara will stop this train.
Everything will be fine.
so please calm down.
Please stop this train right now. sir.
- Please. sir!
- We will. I understand.
The door is locked!
But why?
- Mr. Bara!
- Open this door!
Open this door. Mr. Bara!
Open it. Mr. Bara!
Hurry!
Everyone step back!
Come on!
- Be careful. Okay.
- Wait here. okay?
Open this door!
Keep working!
Open this door! I'm in charge here!
He's your boss. but I am his boss.
Keep working!
Bara!
Although you're the leader in this area.
on this train.
I hold the ultimate authority.
Now open this door.
Reduce the speed and stop this train now!
Don't do it. sir!
Otherwise. all of us will die!
Get off me!
Tekun!
You must pay for what you did to Tekun.
I thought if this first car
disappears in the fifth tunnel.
the driver and I have to get
to the resort as soon as possible
and immediately send help here
to evacuate you all.
That's my only plan.
I'm actually worried about you guys.
Stop talking already!
You've made a lot of trouble.
Okay. so this train stops
so we don't enter the tunnel. right?
Because every time
this train entered a tunnel…
the demons attacked us.
But how can we get
to that resort station without this train?
The resort station
is not too far from here.
We can walk through the forest
to get there.
Yeah. the last tunnel
is not so far away from the resort.
We just need to go straight.
But if the rescue team is looking
for us now. we'll be safer on this train.
Where's my husband?
I don't know him.
This man.
This is my husband.
I really don't know your husband.
Take a good look at his clothes.
Here.
My husband worked for Sangkara.
For you.
Did you give money to Sangkara?
Did you too?
All of you too?
That means my husband worked
for all of you too.
Darto.
Wiryo Sudarto.
That's my husband's name and he has never
complained about his work.
He was a hard worker.
He worked hard
to buy me a new hearing aid.
I knew he went missing.
When the device was delivered
to my house. he never came back.
Thanks to this device. I could hear
that those women were looking
for their husbands and brothers.
I talked to Mr. Santoso.
He had no idea
that his workers were missing.
He said all railway construction matters
had been handed over to local officials.
It's not me.
I swear to God.
That's enough.
Enough to make God angry
with your actions.
Look at them.
They bear the consequences
of your actions.
You take a look at this.
You extended the railroad too much.
It's because the resort
is blocked by the forest. sir.
This is why your design
didn't give us much profit.
This Alas Geti forest
is surrounded by rocky hills. sir.
Yes. but we can cut through the path here.
Be smart. okay?
With my design. we can tell Mr. Santoso
that the train passengers
will get a better view of the scenery.
so we can ask Mr. Santoso for more money.
Don't worry. you'll get your share.
We can't do that. sir.
This forest belongs to something else.
You mind your own business.
You take care of the occult things
and stay out of this matter.
This forest is inhabited
by not just any demons.
No faith that can subdue them.
no ritual offerings or sacrifices.
It's about their home. sir.
Look. Rahmat.
if it wasn't for the governor.
you wouldn't be here.
So don't think that you can blackmail me
with your cheap superstitious things.
I'm begging you. sir.
Call it off.
or they will be furious
and the punishment
will be far more painful than death.
This…
This is mine. okay?
Mr. Rahmat. come with me.
- I beg you. sir.
- Come with me.
Come with me.
No one will be able to help you.
Not your money.
not even God.
He deliberately assigned me to this train
so that his insidious secret
wouldn't be exposed.
What are you talking about?
Isn’t that right. Mr. Regent?
Come on. you can take it easy.
We're in this together.
Come on.
What do we do now?
Where should we go?
As I recall.
we have to go around this tunnel.
That way.
We can just walk to the station.
Are you sure?
I'm sure.
They're in the tunnel.
What just happened?
Let's get going!
Honey!
Purnama.
They come out because of the darkness.
not because of the tunnel.
- Let's go that way!
- Purnama!
We have to run!
This way. come on!
- Come on. we've got to run!
- Purnama!
Ms. Ningrum.
Why?
Can't you find another route?
Why did you have to destroy my forest?
It's the nature of humankind like you
to destroy each other for an inch of land.
You greedy human!
You are the proof
that God
has wrongfully put humans on Earth.
Please forgive me!
Let's go this way. come on!
Where's everybody?
Watch your step!
- What is it?
- That lady is missing.
- We don't have time to look for her.
- Come on. ma'am.
- Let's go!
- No!
If Darto is here.
he will definitely look for her.
Kembang…
and…
Purnama.
I'm Ramla.
Hi. Ramla.
Be careful.
Let's go this way.
Purnama.
Where are we going?
The station must be over there.
Let's go.
Please forgive me.
Purnama.
I want to go home.
- I don't want to be here!
- Kembang.
I can't move!
I just want to go home.
Yeah. we're going home. okay?
I'm freezing.
I'll find a way to be free of this.
I can't feel anything.
But it hurts.
What happened to my face?
- Purnama!
- Kembang!
Kembang!
Thank God. I'm free. Kembang.
Kembang?
Kembang.
Kembang. Wake up.
Kembang!
You can't leave me alone here.
Come on. wake up.
You're not going to leave me. are you?
I can't stand being alone!
Please don't leave me!
Take me!
Just take me. not my sister!
Please take me instead!
Not my sister!
Kembang!
If the deaths of the builders
weren't enough.
why didn't the demons just
finish off Mr. Bara in the first place?
The death of Mr. Bara in the first place
won't stop people like him from emerging.
Those demons need time
to set up this warning.
Why can't I be part of them?
For them. we are just soil.
And you are
a less fertile soil.
Please.
What do you say?
I'm still pretty. right?
You were right.
I can beat the doctor's prediction.
So you still have hope
of seeing my hair turn gray.
Look at me!
You must continue your treatment
until you're cured!
You have to stay with me
because I want to see your hair turn gray!
Hey. listen to me.
- Purnama.
- Listen to me.
I will continue my treatment.
You have to keep me company. okay?
You can do that. right?
I miss you so much.
I should have listened to you
in the first place.
I should have kept fighting.
Please forgive me.
I can only hope
that you are in a better place now.